I'm Jordan Santiago I'm a senior at
Austin High School on five nine 245 I
play left tackle frosting football hey
did you break senior 6-1 to 15 right
guard dakota degree with a sophomore 63
345 right tackle
Daniel turn home junior I was in high
school
left guard six foot 59 all right not too
bright
Junior I play center six-foot-two 15 gr
Perez tight end
63 to 70
you know I'm in you are you're the heart
of the team because you're down in the
trenches every single play you got to
make the block every single time you
don't you screw it up for the whole team
make the play might get a few yards but
you get you're getting on the glory but
as long as the backs today is thankee
it's all good to be an offensive lineman
it's a great thing because I mean you're
doing all the work you're doing the
dirty work nobody else nobody else to
look at you gotta take care of you got
to do a job being a lineman like I'm
supposed to attack the quarterback like
it's my job to take the quarterback make
sure he doesn't get hurt like anybody
the backfield let's make sure they don't
get hurt they get the work done in the
games we don't block to be an offensive
lineman I mean it's the greatest
pleasure here at Ossining
you always get you take a lot of pride
in as the backs always thank you you
know that you're making the play happen
yes the play doesn't doe go well you
know it's your fault if it does you know
it's you and it's internals you know
it's you you don't have to be told even
though you're not getting the pride
that's that's what it is well just clean
up everything that's outside and block
for the pretty boys
cries I know I'm like one of the
monsters out there we got the little
finesse full backs in the backfield on
the ball but a blonde one
you're the Beast of the monster you got
it hit hard and get down and dirty prior
to taking it is the fact that you know
what if the game's going wrong we're
blamed and if it's not going and if it
is going well which we don't get the
credit I mean it's it's a job that
doesn't get we don't get the credit that
we deserve but I take the pride in that
because I don't need to get I don't need
to be told that I'm doing something well
so it's a great thing like that like if
they get sacked in the backfield or
anything I consider to be my fault
because I didn't do my job up front so I
had to my job up front and nothin ever
happened a lot that's where all the work
gets done and I take all the tried in
the world I mean we don't get a lot of
credit but I like that I was never has
never brought up to be the type of
person who needs to be told that they're
doing a good job but I really enjoy
knowing
job and we get to plate well I'm back
there too so I don't know how it feels
to be back with no box
last meal I have to save date
medium-rare juicy steak oh well the
blood dripping out prized some baked
potato on the side some veggies stay
healthy that throw
hopefully I'll never be on death row but
if I was I'd probably have a steak and
medium steak and then whatever fatty
foods I could have what about to drink
Gatorade would be fine nice meal
like a big bowl of chicken alfredo a
bacon cheeseburger go to the diner and
close Ricky yeah and what about dessert
chocolate mousse cake probably a good
topics
hot race mashed potatoes and gravy boat
turn on the side and I definitely have
to have it in chocolate cake with white
icing for dessert
me our friend Keisha Federico are gonna
go to diner they order a hundred wings I
see you can eat it fast